Feat - Restructure Shimmer Develop Section Part - Add "What is Shimmer?" and more links to docs (#894)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: shimmer/develop/what-is-shimmer/clients.md

---

> description: "You can use the IOTA client libraries to handle communications between your node and

Reviewer: Just a small thing, but we don't use " anywhere else, no? Should we remove it here to?

> description: "You can use the IOTA client libraries to handle communications between your node and
> your Layer 1 network of choice."

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'You can use the IOTA client libraries to handle communications between your node and
your Layer 1 network of choice.'
```

---

> title: Become a Node Operator

Reviewer: Wrong title? 😆

your Layer 1 network of choice."
image: /img/shimmer-wiki.png
---

# IOTA Client Libraries

:::note tl;dr;

You can use the IOTA client libraries to handle communications between your node and
your [Layer 1 network](layer-1-landscape.md) of choice.

The IOTA foundation recommends using [wallet.rs](#walletrs) for value transactions.

:::

:::tip Free and Open-Sourced

All the libraries mentioned in this section are free, open-sourced, and maintained by both
the [IOTA Foundation](https://www.iota.org/) and
the [IOTA Community](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/community/the-community/how-to-support/).

:::

## Simple by Default, as Complex as You May Need

IOTA Client libraries handle the communications between your software and
the Shimmer network. They are designed to simplify how you connect and interact with nodes in the network by providing
high-level helper functions which combine multiple atomic REST-API commands under the hood and use sensible defaults.
However, you can still customize your application by overriding the default parameters or combining atomic REST-API
commands to suit your needs.

## High-level Overview

> |                                    | [wallet.rs](#walletrs) | [iota.rs](#iotars) | [iota.js](iotajs) |

Reviewer: Not sure about this table. 
Do we recommend iota.rs for value transactions? And iota.js we don't?

Author: My bad, mixed up there, corrected
